Add TypeScript Guides (#6454)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/Common/TypeScript Guides/00 Getting Started.md

> You can find the TypeScript definition file for DevExtreme in the [DevExtreme zip archive](/Documentation/Guide/Common/Distribution_Channels/#ZIP_Archive) or in the installation folder: **C:\Program Files\DevExpress 24.1\DevExtreme\Sources\Lib\ts**. Add this file to your project. Reference both DevExtreme and jQuery TypeScript definition files from your *.ts* file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find the TypeScript definition file for DevExtreme in the [DevExtreme zip archive](/Documentation/Guide/Common/Distribution_Channels/#ZIP_Archive) or installation folder: **C:\Program Files\DevExpress 24.1\DevExtreme\Sources\Lib\ts**. Add this file to your project. Reference DevExtreme and jQuery TypeScript definition files from your *.ts* file.
```

> You can find the TypeScript definition file for DevExtreme in the [DevExtreme zip archive](/Documentation/Guide/Common/Distribution_Channels/#ZIP_Archive) or in the installation folder: **C:\Program Files\DevExpress 24.1\DevExtreme\Sources\Lib\ts**. Add this file to your project. Next, reference this file and the jQuery TypeScript definition file in your *.ts* file.

Reviewer 2: This is not big deal, but I wouldn't use "Next". If you're giving instructions, consecutive sentences usually imply the order already. 

And instead of using the phrase "this file" in two consecutive sentences, I wanted to change it back to formal reference - "DevExtreme and jQuery TypeScript definition files".

```suggestion
You can find the TypeScript definition file for DevExtreme in the [DevExtreme zip archive](/Documentation/Guide/Common/Distribution_Channels/#ZIP_Archive) or in the installation folder: **C:\Program Files\DevExpress 24.1\DevExtreme\Sources\Lib\ts**. Add this file to your project. Reference both DevExtreme and jQuery TypeScript definition files from your *.ts* file.
```

    <reference path="TypeScript/jquery.d.ts" />
    //  File from the zip archive or from the installation folder:
    <reference path="TypeScript/dx.all.d.ts" />

> Along with TypeScript definitions, you need to reference the libraries themselves. Refer to the following help topic for detailed information: [Local Files](/Documentation/Guide/jQuery_Components/Add_DevExtreme_to_a_jQuery_Application/#Local_Files).

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure the context is fully established... In other words, not sure what libraries we talk about here. I assume it's DevExtreme libraries, so I'm changing the sentence to reflect that. 

```suggestion
Along with TypeScript definitions, you need to reference all DevExtreme libraries to be used in your app. Refer to the following help topic for detailed information: [Local Files](/Documentation/Guide/jQuery_Components/Add_DevExtreme_to_a_jQuery_Application/#Local_Files).
```

> Along with TypeScript definitions, you need to reference all DevExtreme libraries to be used in your app. Refer to the following help topic for detailed information: [Local Files](/Documentation/Guide/jQuery_Components/Add_DevExtreme_to_a_jQuery_Application/#Local_Files).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Along with TypeScript definitions, you need to reference all DevExtreme libraries used in your app. Refer to the following help topic for detailed information: [Local Files](/Documentation/Guide/jQuery_Components/Add_DevExtreme_to_a_jQuery_Application/#Local_Files).
```
